you know I mentioned that tomorrow is
Valentine's Day a lot of couples many
couples get married on Valentine's Day
and for those who do our guests tonight
the great Josh Groban has a brand new
album specifically for those who are
about to tie the knot
oh hi I'm Josh grobin
you know choosing wedding music can lead
to indecision arguments and premature
divorce that's why I'm proud to present
my new album josh married josh married
has a song for every marital moment
songs like you're about to get married
Wow look at you the best man speech the
best man speech was all inside jokes and
nobody left nobody left content herbs we
really underestimated the desire for
shrimp father-daughter dance everyone's
watching you slow dance with your down
it's weird the ladies room is
temporarily closed
someone pukes in the ladies room
[Music]
and everybody knows it was you and Lisa
and many more including randoms randoms
who are all these random random drag the
ring bearers
this is the last song the venue has
curfew the beat it's about it Oh Josh
married is not available in stores if
you want to hear it you'll have to book
him to sing it live I charge a million
dollars afterparty at the Ramada room
1258 it's definitely got a sock you know
change butter goes back home I also do
bar mitzvahs hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel an evil
wizard has trapped me inside this
YouTube video click subscribe to help me
escape